# UTCyber
Project 1 

Network diagram link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1d3sAHRrZwP6awFRDAJ-Uuy-Nug82TUhh/view?usp=sharing
Link to the Microsoft Azure Resource Group is not available due to the link/subscription ending.
The ReadMe.md file would not work on my MacBook to access the template.
In the diagram, the Load Balancer Backend Pool allows the JumpBoxProvisioner VM to be distributed amongst the Web-1, Web-2, Web-3 containers.  The JumpBoxProvisioner VM acts as a first step for the admins to connect to before accessing tasks or connecting to other servers in the environment.  The three containers can not be moved around like virtual machines, but these containers require less sources than usual VMs and can be lauched to other hardware in the system.  The SSH or Secure Shell is a network protocl that allows users to access the JumpBoxProvisioners VM after going through the RedTeamSecurity firewall in a secure manner.  The main way to access the RedTeamLB is through an HTTP pathway.  The RedTeamLB acts as a seperate way to access the three containers and gain access to the Load Balancer Backend Pool.  While this pathway may be easier, accessing the cotainers through the JumpBoxProvisioner VM is more secure due to using SSH. All of these methods occur within the RedTeamNetwork Subnet which is a part of the RedTeamNetwork.  When accessing this network, the user will use their workstation to connect to the internet through HTTP or SSH and pass through the Red-Team Resource Group in order to connect to the RedTeadNetwork.  The resource group serves as an umbreella to monitor all of this network and implment policies to control who has access to the system.   
